Q1. In Python 3.X, what are the names and functions of string object types?
Ans. Python 3.X has three string types: str , bytes and bytearray. The str type often represents text file content, whereas the other two types typically represent binary file information.



Q2. How do the string forms in Python 3.X vary in terms of operations?
Ans, String types in Python 3.X do nearly all of the same actions: method calls, sequence operations, and even bigger features like pattern matching function the same way. Only str, on the other hand, allows string formatting operations, whereas bytear ray has an extra set of operations that make in-place modifications. Text encoding and decoding techniques are also available for the str and bytes types.

Q3. In 3.X, how do you put non-ASCII Unicode characters in a string?
Ans. that can be done using HEX and UNICODE

Q4. In Python 3.X, what are the key differences between text-mode and binary-mode files?
Ans, Text-mode files presume their file content is Unicode text and automatically decode when reading and encode when writing. Bytes are transported to and from binary-mode files in an unaltered state. In script, the contents of text-mode files are often represented as str objects, whereas the contents of binary files are typically represented as bytes.

Q5. How can you interpret a Unicode text file containing text encoded in a different encoding than your platform&#39;s default?

Q6. What is the best way to make a Unicode text file in a particular encoding format?
Ans. Pass the required encoding name to open in 3 to generate a Unicode text file in that format. When X strings are written to a file, they are encoded according to the selected encoding.

Q7. What qualifies ASCII text as a form of Unicode text?
Ans. Because its 7-bit value range is a subset of most Unicode encodings, ASCII text is considered a kind of Unicode text. As a result, Unicode is backwards compatible with the vast majority of ASCII text data on the planet.

Q8. How much of an effect does the change in string types in Python 3.X have on your code?
Ans. that depends on the type of spring being used as like ASCII, Unicode


