1. What does one mean by the term "machine learning"?
Ans.	Machine Learning is a subset of AI that uses data and statistical imputation to imitate the way that humans learn, gradually improving its accuracy.

2.Can you think of 4 distinct types of issues where it shines?
Ans.	
            Voice Assistant
            Self Driving cars
            Recommendation system
            Healthcare

3. What is a labeled training set, and how does it work?
Ans,	the Training set is the data set that is used to train a model by fitting the parameter of the classifier.



4.What are the two most important tasks that are supervised?
Ans. Regression and classification



5.Can you think of four examples of unsupervised tasks?
Ans.	
              clustering 
              dimensionality reduction
              visualization
              association rule learning



6.State the machine learning model that would be best to make a robot walk through various unfamiliar terrains?
Ans, Reinforced learning



7.Which algorithm will you use to divide your customers into different groups?
Ans. clustering algorithms like k-means clustering


8.Will you consider the problem of spam detection to be a supervised or unsupervised learning problem?
Ans. its supervised learning problem



9.What is the concept of an online learning system?
Ans,	a learning system that is based on teaching with the help of electronic resources.



10.What is out-of-core learning, and how does it differ from core learning?
Ans.	refers to a set of algorithms working with data that cannot fit into the memory of a single computer, but can be stored in a local hard disk 



11.What kind of learning algorithm makes predictions using a similarity measure?
Ans.	instance-based learning 



12.What's the difference between a model parameter and a hyperparameter in a learning algorithm?
Ans.	model hyperparameter are set manually and are used to help estimate model parameters. model parameter are estimated based on the training data 



13.What are the criteria that model-based learning algorithms look for? What is the most popular method they use to achieve success? What method do they use to make predictions?
Ans,	model-based algorithms search for optimal values for the model's parameters


14.Can you name four of the most important Machine Learning challenges?
Ans.	
          underfitting 
          overfitting
          poor data quality
          lack of training data



15.What happens if the model performs well on the training data but fails to generalize the results to new situations? Can you think of three different options?
Ans.	
            the model could be overfitting
            the situation could be an outlier
            model was unable to make correct decision



16.What exactly is a test set, and why would you need one?
Ans, 	the test set is a data set on which a model is tested to see its performance on new unseen data.



17.What is a validation set's purpose?
Ans,	its purpose is to train models to find and optimize the best model



18.What precisely is the train-dev kit, when will you need it, how do you put it to use?
Ans.	its purpose is to find the best model based on performance metrics like accuracy and help decide which model to proceed further with.



19.What could go wrong if you use the test set to tune hyperparameters?
Ans.	the model will be overfitting.
