1. Define the Bayesian interpretation of probability.
Ans.Probability of an event A given B equals the probability of B and A happening together divided by the probability of B.

2. Define probability of a union of two events with equation.
Ans.	The chance of any (one or more) of two or more events occurring is called the union of the events. The probability of the union of disjoint events is the sum of their individual probabilities. This can be stated formally as p( A u B) = p(A)+p(B)

3. What is joint probability? What is its formula?
Ans.	oint probability of independent events is calculated as the probability of event A multiplied by the probability of event B. This can be stated formally as P(A and B) = P(A) * P(B)

4. What is chain rule of probability?
Ans.	chain rule ermits the calculation of any member of the joint distribution of a set of random variables using only conditional probabilities.

5. What is conditional probability means? What is the formula of it?
Ans. Conditional probability is the probability of event A occurring, given that event B occurs.  This can be stated formally as P(B|A) = P(A ∩ B)/P(A)

6. What are continuous random variables?
Ans,	ontinuous random variable is one which takes an infinite number of possible values like height , age , weight

7. What are Bernoulli distributions? What is the formula of it?
Ans. 	 Bernoulli distribution is a discrete probability distribution for a Bernoulli trial — a random experiment that has only two outcomes. p is the probability of success and 1 - p is the probability of failure. The mean of a Bernoulli distribution is E[X] = p and the variance, Var[X] = p(1-p).

8. What is binomial distribution? What is the formula?
Ans.	Binomial distribution is the probability of a SUCCESS or FAILURE outcome in an experiment or survey that is repeated multiple times.This can be stated formally as P(X= x) = nCxpxqn-x,

9. What is Poisson distribution? What is the formula?
Ans.	Poisson distribution is a probability distribution that is used to show how many times an event is likely to occur over a specified period.The formula for Poisson distribution is f(x) = P(X=x) = (e-λ λx )/x!. For the Poisson distribution, λ is always greater than 0

10. Define covariance.
Ans,	covariance is a measure of the relationship between two random variables


11. Define correlation
Ans.	Correlation is a statistical tool which studies the relationship between two variables

12. Define sampling with replacement. Give example.
Ans.	Sampling is called with replacement when a unit selected at random from the population is returned to the population and then a second element is selected at random. Like you would choose one person's name, put that person's name back in the hat, and then choose another name

13. What is sampling without replacement? Give example.
Ans.	 sampling without replacement is if one draws a simple random sample such that no unit occurs more than one time in the sample, the sample is drawn without replacement.  Like when you tuke out a ball from a  bag and not replace the ball in the bag so that the number of balls in the box gets less as each ball is removed.


14. What is hypothesis? Give example.
Ans.  hypothesis is an assumption made based on some evidence. Like  all students failed in maths subject.


